Update doc (#390)
YunoHost-Apps/discourse_ynh: doc/ADMIN.md

* You should create a dedicated Yunohost user for Discourse whose mailbox will be used by the Discourse application. You can do this with `yunohost user create response`, for example. You should ensure that the email address is configured to be on your Discourse domain.

> * You should then configure your Discourse `/var/www/discourse/discourse/config/discourse.conf` file with the correct SMTP configuration values. Please see [this comment](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/discourse_ynh/issues/2#issuecomment-409510325) for an explanation of what values to change. Please be aware, when you update the application, you will have to re-apply this configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You should then configure your Discourse `__INSTALL_DIR__/discourse/config/discourse.conf` file with the correct SMTP configuration values. Please see [this comment](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/discourse_ynh/issues/2#issuecomment-409510325) for an explanation of what values to change. Please be aware, when you update the application, you will have to re-apply this configuration.
```
